response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1530 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2985 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2991 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1460 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 47 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1498 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3066 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 44 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1553 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3091 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 987 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1648 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 585 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2490 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3064 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1613 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1621 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1575 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 615 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2486 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1610 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1618 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2064 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2459 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1601 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 341 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2374 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1022 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1537 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 608 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1094 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1593 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1601 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1631 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3050 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1610 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 360 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 630 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 26
196.604