response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 962 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1547 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1576 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 979 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1554 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1619 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1602 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1009 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1628 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1650 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1628 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3046 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1634 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1583 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1542 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3064 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1633 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1041 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1506 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1636 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1066 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3110 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1626 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1632 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1552 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1057 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 898 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
abnormal 11
166.16