response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2321 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1545 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1545 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1602 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2449 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1617 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 611 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3908 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3060 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1578 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2476 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1559 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1499 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3041 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1656 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1614 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead  
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1627 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1632 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 626 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2523 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2475 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 624 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1453 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1551 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1526 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1621 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 602 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2449 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1554 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2512 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1645 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1557 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1626 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1602 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1553 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
abnormal 34
208.84