response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1519 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1531 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 80 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 82 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 817 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2908 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 990 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2992 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 987 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3070 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 59 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 73 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1508 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 92 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 79 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1453 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 976 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 995 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1509 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1547 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 627 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1013 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2461 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 109 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 969 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1041 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 984 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1573 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1513 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 956 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 612 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 970 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1028 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2980 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1570 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3056 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 64 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2954 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1482 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1544 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 17
173.60714285714286