response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 624 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 51 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 611 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 585 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2332 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1625 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1492 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1534 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1644 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1625 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1497 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1614 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1627 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2436 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1575 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1605 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1571 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1559 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1637 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 600 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1004 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 71 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 979 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1618 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1602 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 613 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 973 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3029 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3030 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3042 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1537 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1622 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 633 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 634 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 983 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 37
185.666