response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 63 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3812 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1541 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 66 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1486 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3025 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1623 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1637 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 623 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3969 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1575 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3033 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2420 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2991 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2457 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 613 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2465 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1612 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1593 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2355 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2992 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2479 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 612 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2475 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1548 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1531 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1631 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2991 try = 3 leader dead  
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive  
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2448 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead  
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3903 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 608 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2155 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3928 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 615 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2957 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2456 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2456 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 14
229.718