response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 63 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 888 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1491 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3003 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3042 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 624 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2388 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1544 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 609 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 987 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1560 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3073 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3083 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3057 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3037 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1640 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3084 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1623 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1640 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3069 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3093 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3051 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 615 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 987 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3061 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3039 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1640 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1551 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1594 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1463 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1622 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3052 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3006 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1612 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1065 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3061 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1610 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1622 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1593 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3106 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1516 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
abnormal 21
224.866