response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 938 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 50 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1474 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3003 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 606 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 997 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 609 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2467 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1559 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1536 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 630 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3876 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1560 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1527 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3928 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 606 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 987 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2997 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3089 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 92 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1025 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 676 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 936 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1558 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3032 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3071 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 44 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 599 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1483 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 613 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2134 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2433 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 608 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 45 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 573 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2356 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 627 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2300 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2949 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1423 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 2087 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2347 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2117 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2389 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1557 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 46
221.694