response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2414 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 88 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1542 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2446 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2997 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1608 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1530 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1523 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1634 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1241 try = 1 leader dead  
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2505 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2981 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3904 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1571 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 998 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1612 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2456 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 329 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1005 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2089 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3899 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3104 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3034 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1619 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1614 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1619 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 592 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3889 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2511 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2976 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2480 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1630 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 611 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2479 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2451 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 62 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2364 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1583 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1631 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1594 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
abnormal 13
214.03
