end time is 16try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 921 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1048 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 945 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 38 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 956 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1651 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 156 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1519 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 145 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1015 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 148 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 3067 try = 3 leader dead 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1637 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 635 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 66 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 352 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 95 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 413 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 192 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 354 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 2194 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 156 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1012 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1613 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 3067 try = 3 leader dead 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 3065 try = 3 leader dead 
end time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 162 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 631 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 967 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 3044 try = 3 leader dead 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1590 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 2465 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 3037 try = 3 leader dead 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1590 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 45 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1513 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 232 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 604 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 82 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 984 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 9 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
end time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 16try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 980 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 576 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1076 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
end time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 1040 try = 1 leader dead 
end time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
end time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
end time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 36
145.376