response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2397 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 603 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2441 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1546 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1525 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2470 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1536 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1559 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1631 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2421 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1623 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2338 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1527 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2435 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3045 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3067 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 613 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 89 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2440 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 611 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1540 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2443 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1605 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1530 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 627 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1524 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2439 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1576 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1551 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3900 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1562 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 623 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2989 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3909 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1571 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1538 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1643 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 33
215.84