response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 635 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 70 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 543 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 857 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 411 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 956 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1570 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1533 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1637 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 700 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 74 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 77 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1466 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 70 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 629 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 319 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2138 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1602 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1613 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 604 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1036 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1537 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1527 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3006 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1539 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3082 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1528 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 65 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1379 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1552 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2980 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 72 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2915 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1495 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 975 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2448 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1550 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 49 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1010 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1496 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1551 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 35
171.384