response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 925 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1576 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1053 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1601 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1051 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3080 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1619 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2535 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3105 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1657 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3029 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1644 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3038 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3063 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1629 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 93 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 626 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 681 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1015 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2533 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1623 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1594 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3073 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3001 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1518 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 602 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2510 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 638 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1010 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 74 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1028 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 985 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 621 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 998 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 39 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 615 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2364 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 41 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2445 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 37
180.982