response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1583 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 957 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 998 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 77 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1525 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 624 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 980 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2077 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1014 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1526 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3019 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2999 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3030 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1624 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3016 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3028 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1546 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 633 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 637 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 66 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 75 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3271 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1594 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1522 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2986 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3174 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1501 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 612 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 84 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 86 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2465 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3038 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1609 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 630 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 69 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 977 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1601 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1628 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3148 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3183 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3156 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1626 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3033 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3154 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3084 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3105 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 63 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 66 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 64 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 74 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 60 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 54 try = 1 abnormal 
abnormal 16
220.946