response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 996 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 610 try = 2 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 323 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1242 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1635 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 641 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 992 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3069 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1610 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2949 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3013 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1549 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 981 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2987 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3069 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1058 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1626 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive  
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1011 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 73 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 990 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1618 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3075 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3079 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 623 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 303 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 90 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 643 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 444 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3040 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1616 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1012 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1616 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3003 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1594 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1573 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 621 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 97 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 887 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1499 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1607 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
abnormal 34
181.358
