response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 874 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1520 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 80 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2990 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1575 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1625 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1555 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 76 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1525 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1525 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1499 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3014 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1554 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 84 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1486 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2988 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3098 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1578 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1529 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 59 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1462 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2980 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1562 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1562 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1549 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1542 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1538 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3048 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 58 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 929 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1492 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 58 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 70 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2920 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 928 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1488 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1458 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 43 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1507 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 58 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2962 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1538 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1523 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2984 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
abnormal 9
202.126