response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 923 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 951 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3024 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1601 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3064 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3068 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 44 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 47 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 49 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 52 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 606 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1340 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1551 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1491 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1617 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3053 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3056 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 83 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 81 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 144 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 84 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 92 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 894 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 626 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 342 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 48 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1503 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2407 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3033 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 2066 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1001 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3040 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3094 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3064 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3066 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 626 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 59 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 294 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 959 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 626 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 71 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 86 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 92 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 66 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 65 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 228 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 0 leader dead 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 78 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 335 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 672 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 584 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 293 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 0 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 416 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 75 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 928 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1535 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 631 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 349 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 676 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 53
192.736