response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2466 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1543 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive  
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2430 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1513 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 60 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 66 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2396 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2082 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2309 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 613 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1858 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2096 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2060 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 59 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2376 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2994 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2496 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1547 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 615 try = 2 leader alive 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2147 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2423 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 42 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1520 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2116 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 621 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3601 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2475 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1559 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1605 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1537 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 2080 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2465 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1612 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1548 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1627 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3032 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4499 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1562 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1521 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2149 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1862 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1508 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3864 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2513 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3054 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2462 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2980 try = 4 abnormal 
response time is 610 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3935 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1554 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2362 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 88 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1525 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2386 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1549 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2958 try = 4 abnormal 
abnormal 31
261.502