response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 909 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1542 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1576 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 64 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 82 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 68 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 88 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 119 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 118 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 594 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 60 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1639 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1024 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 636 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 995 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 81 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4376 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1570 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 621 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1143 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1628 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3095 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1639 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3053 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 5 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3024 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3070 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1604 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2153 try = 3 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1031 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3072 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1052 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1635 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 611 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 978 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 606 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 935 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 999 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3026 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1529 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3002 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 49 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1423 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 608 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 981 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1590 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 628 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1471 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1000 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1564 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 938 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1614 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 616 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1041 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1634 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1668 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 37
189.524