response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 96 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 853 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 51 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 669 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 53 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 640 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 87 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1389 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2486 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4678 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 53 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2449 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1571 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1566 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1535 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 621 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 963 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 619 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1014 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 605 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive  
response time is 2451 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 593 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 64 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 64 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 64 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2423 try = 2 leader dead
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 275 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 949 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3046 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 983 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1540 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1532 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 49 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 315 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 59 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 946 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 622 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 629 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 893 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1545 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 625 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1042 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1572 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3041 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3047 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1614 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1573 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1573 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1547 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1578 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1570 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3037 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1560 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1575 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3045 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3010 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 63 try = 1 abnormal 
abnormal 33
192.938