response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 870 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4442 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1580 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4507 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3062 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3027 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3037 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 68 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 80 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 81 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 84 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 604 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 71 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 67 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 97 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 61 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 911 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3016 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3062 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3071 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 41 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 50 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 72 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 68 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 601 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 74 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 71 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 71 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 248 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 638 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 404 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1577 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1531 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3054 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3076 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 59 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 57 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 595 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 110 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 124 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 155 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 999 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 48 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3008 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3032 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1584 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1629 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1625 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3051 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3064 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1607 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1641 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1583 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 606 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2455 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 630 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 979 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 50 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1560 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1639 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1576 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3079 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1620 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1547 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
abnormal 40
220.446