response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 55 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 888 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 934 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3043 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3043 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 64 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 69 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 74 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 76 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 95 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 131 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 58 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 132 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4546 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 529 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 252 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4546 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1046 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 609 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1022 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 623 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 71 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1009 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 976 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1598 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1607 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1535 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 973 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3003 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3052 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1553 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3026 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1593 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1632 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1632 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1578 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1616 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1615 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3084 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 3088 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 46 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 46 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 609 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 63 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 65 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 278 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 394 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1519 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2954 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 632 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 52 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 956 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4546 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 618 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4546 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 82 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4545 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 938 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1600 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1605 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3054 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
abnormal 36 
221.77