response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 41 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 60 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2350 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 72 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1503 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1597 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 40 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1539 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1591 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 91 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1470 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 51 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1498 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1603 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3047 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1599 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1569 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1609 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1632 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1479 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 620 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2398 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 605 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3896 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1613 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1568 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1586 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1587 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1581 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3086 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1540 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 47 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 4465 try = 4 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1627 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1563 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1589 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 23 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 42 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1542 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3086 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1574 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 15 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3079 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 617 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2477 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1610 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3062 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3010 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 40 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 35 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1517 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 614 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2426 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 56 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1483 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 632 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2481 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 46 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1567 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 630 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2432 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 10 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1565 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1611 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1650 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 607 try = 2 abnormal 
abnormal 35
225.038