response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 6 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2439 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3017 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 13 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1038 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 43 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1534 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1620 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1001 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1596 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 20 try = 1 abnormal  
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1011 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1592 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 82 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1009 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1585 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1016 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1613 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 7 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 54 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 880 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 39 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1545 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1530 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1582 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1031 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1531 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 9 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1607 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 30 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 8 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3046 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 45 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 44 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 38 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2967 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1573 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 11 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1579 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 12 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1085 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1022 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 36 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1571 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1554 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1595 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1001 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1588 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3044 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 37 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1561 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 31 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 81 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 14 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 13 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1034 try = 1 leader dead 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 28 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1548 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 29 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 34 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 33 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 27 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2481 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 24 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 3055 try = 3 leader dead 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 16 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1606 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 19 try = 1 abnormal 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 17 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 26 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 83 try = 2 abnormal 
response time is 15 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 25 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 19 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 21 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 18 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 2473 try = 2 leader dead 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 20 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 30 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 32 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 22 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 23 try = 1 leader alive 
response time is 1556 try = 2 leader dead 
abnormal 14
157.61